New user in the organization: is emailed a link like "github.service.enfabrica.net/tokentokentokentoken"
User kicked out of the organization (or needs to refresh groups): has to visit me.service.enfabrica.net


PSEUDO CODE:
1) If user has a github username in database, display info from database.

   "Your github username is: ..."
   "You are member of the github groups: ..."
   
   If user is not in database...
   "Welcome to ... let's setup your github account..."

2) For any next step, authenticate with github. So we learn the github username.

3) Check github status:

   1) Is user member of organization?

   2) Is user in all groups he/she is supposed to be?

   3) Other things the user needs to do?


"Please login with github..."


Page structure:
1) long term, fields that we want the user to modify on his/her own
2) short term, just the github username

"Your current github username is: ...."

"You are part of the groups: ...."

[change] [update groups]

"Last github activity: ..."


"Your github account is not configured"
[get started by authenticating]


click button -> github authentication -> come back to ui

check github username is set up correctly
[check again]

set github username in contacts API

set github username in datastore

invite username in organization

fetch groups from google -> list groups



or
New 

me.service.enfabrica.net


WEB UI
- Minimal web interface with wizard (gsuite authenticated)
- Button has the user authenticate via github.
- At completion, mapping between user and enfabrica email is saved.

- if user is not part of the enfabrica organization, an invite is sent.
- based on gsuite groups, add user to corresponding github groups.


from CLI? URL to authenticate via github? not sure it makes sense?
workflow has to be completed via browser? (well, could use the GH_TOKEN,
a local token or key)


CRON JOB - big brother
- read audit log
- for each user seen in audit log:
  - update "last seen timestamp"
  - update IP addresses seen from


CRON JOB - notifier
- check database, if user has not been seen for too long, notify user/manager of imminent removal.
- 
